Moving to a second laptop is the perfect way to test if your new "Firebase Power" is truly portable. Since you already have the Git repo, you’re halfway there.

To develop in two places, you need to replicate the environment (the tools) so that both laptops can "talk" to Google’s servers.

Phase 1: The "New Laptop" Toolkit
Before you touch your code, install these three things on the second machine:

Node.js (LTS Version): Just like before, download it from nodejs.org. This gives you npm.

Firebase CLI: Open a fresh terminal in VS Code and run:

PowerShell
npm install -g firebase-tools
Git: Ensure Git is installed so you can pull your code.

Phase 2: Connecting the Dots
Once the tools are installed, follow this sequence:

1. Clone the Repo

PowerShell
git clone [YOUR_REPO_URL]
cd LIRTH
2. Login to Firebase

PowerShell
firebase login
(This links this specific laptop to your Google/Firebase account.)

3. Link the Project
Even though the .firebaserc file is already in your folder from the first laptop, you should "refresh" the connection:

PowerShell
firebase use --add
Select your project (lirtr-2fc4d) from the list and give it an alias like default.

Phase 3: The "Two-Device" Workflow
This is the most important part. To keep both laptops in sync without causing "code conflicts," follow this simple "Sandwich" rule every time you sit down to work:

Step A: The "Pull" (When you start)
Before you type a single line of code, grab the latest changes from your other laptop:

PowerShell
git pull origin main
Step B: The "Work"
Do your coding. If you want to see your changes locally without deploying, run:

PowerShell
firebase serve
Step C: The "Push" (When you finish)
Save your work to the cloud so the other laptop can see it later:

PowerShell
git add .
git commit -m "Updated the Treasure Hunt logic"
git push origin main
firebase deploy --only hosting
⚠️ A Critical Note on firebase-config.js
Check your .gitignore file. If firebase-config.js is listed there, it won't move between laptops via GitHub (this is a security feature to keep your "keys" off the public web).

If it's missing on the new laptop: You will need to manually copy that one file over (via USB or email) once, or recreate it from your Firebase Console settings.

If it IS in your GitHub repo: Then it will appear automatically when you git pull.

Would you like me to check your .gitignore file to see if you'll need to manually move that config file?